Update docs (#1)
aigdat/onnx-models: contribute.md

    
    For contributing a model refer to [Model contribution guidelines](#model-contribution-guidelines) and for contributing to the toolchain under `onnx\models\toolchain` plese refer to the contribution guidelines here. (todo: add link)

5. **Commit Messages**: Use clear and descriptive commit messages. This helps to understand the purpose of your changes and speed up the review process.

6. **Pull Request**: Once you've made your changes, submit a pull request (PR) to the main repository. Provide a detailed description of the changes and reference the corresponding issue number in the PR.

7. **Code Review**: Wait for the maintainers to review your PR. Be responsive to feedback and make necessary changes if requested.

8. **Merge**: Once your PR is approved by a maintainer, it will be merged into the repository.

## Model Contribution Guidelines

To contribute a model to the ONNX Model Zoo, we ask that you adhere to the following guidelines to ensure consistency and quality:

1. **Model Uniqueness**: Before submission, please search the Model Zoo to confirm that your model or an equivalent model is not already hosted.

> 1. **Model Source**: You should provide the source file for the model (.py format).

Reviewer: to `toolchain/models`?

> 1. **Source File**: Place the source file under `onnx\models\toolchain\models` and place the onnx file under the appropriate task category in the repo root. All pretrained models should include valid weights.

Reviewer: These two items seem redundant

Author: Combined

The source file must include the following labels at the top of the file:
    
    - Author - Name of the organization or the creator of the model
    - Task - For example, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Audio Processing, MultiModal, Generative AI ,Graph Machine Learning ...
    - License: Submissions should be under one of the following licenses: Apache-2.0, BSD-3, or MIT.
    
    For the correct format of these labels, please refer to the example here (todo: add link).

> 1. **Dependencies**: Add any additional requirements run your model to `onnx\models\toolchain\model\requirements.txt`(todo: insert link) file.

Author: Lets just stick to one requirements file for now until we go to a per corpus requirements.

> 1. **Dependencies**: Add any additional requirements run your model to `onnx\models\toolchain\model\requirements.txt`(todo: insert link) file.

Reviewer: Your numbering starts over from 1. here in the rendered doc

Author: Fixed

1. **Documentation**: While optional, we highly encourage you to provide a README file with:
    - A detailed description of the model.
    - Instructions for use, including setup and execution.

1. **Large Files**: If your model includes large weight files, manage them with Git LFS.

> 1. **Model Building**: Use TurnkeyML's `--build-only` (todo: add link) option to generate the ONNX model. This ensures that the model conforms to standards compatible with the Model Zoo's infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **ONNX file creation**: Use TurnkeyML's `--build-only` (todo: add link) option to generate the ONNX model. This ensures that the model conforms to standards compatible with the Model Zoo's infrastructure.
```

suggest being more specific
